By the way, I don’t know what kind of secret marriage tool was used for the old man?
This old man actually eats everything from her.
No, by the way, miss, let’s ask to see the master.
No, I definitely don’t want to abort the child.
Come to beg dad.
By the way, something happened when I got home.
Came here to do it. It's not going on.
So many years.
I don’t know that he squeezed it from the old man’s hand,
It was too much and the old man was sick now.
There is no need to tell him such exciting things,
Let him go.
Why don’t you save it yet?
Sister, you will admit it
Then it’s not okay for Dad Gu to take care of others later that night.
I must see grandpa today
I can't see grandpa
My dad is dying
Teacher, you are not included in the program
please
Dad, please
Why is it so small and convenient?